{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16220\viewh12000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. BIOS Update\
\
2. BIOS Settings:  Static High Power, Disable Network Boot\
\
3. RAID Configuration.  RAID 1 of 2 x SSD\'92s, and RAID 1 of 2 xSSD\'92s.  If not a onboard RAID controller then most configure in OS\
\
4. CentOS Minimal Install.  \
	* Disk Layout: Use first RAID 1 for OS Partitions, .   Second RAID 1 should be mounted /captures\
	* Timezone: Europe\
	* Root Password\
\
 5. Post Install\
	* Configure interface for management network and Internet access, set DNS resolver to 8.8.8.8\
	* yum upgrade\
	* yum install git\
	* git clone https://github.com/bulax41/firewall\
	* cd firewall\
	* ./setup.sh\
	* reboot\
	* download exanic drivers.  You can copy the yum.repo from the other routers\
\
\
6.  Networking.  \
	* Configure bond interface for 2 x 1GE interfaces patched across both. WAN switches\
	* Use quagga to setup network interface IP\'92s.  \
	* Disable forwarding on the Management interface in sysctl.conf\
\
7. SNMP\
	* Listen only on management.   /etc/sysconfig/snmpd,  OPTIONS=" \{IP\}:161"\
	* Configure /etc/snmp/snmpd.conf\
\
8. SSH\
	* Listen only management\
	* Configure port if needed\
\
9. NTP.  \
	* should be enabled.  Confirm.\
\
9. IPTables\
	* Configure INPUT chain.  Allow BGP peers.  Drop\
	* FORWARD Chain.  Policy Accept.   Add DDoS rules.\
\
10. Tune Profile
tune-adm prifile network-latency


10. (Optional) management routing of local traffic.  \
	echo 50 >> /etc/iproute2/rt_tables\
	ip rule add from all iif lo lookup mgmt\
\
\
\
	\
}
